Config Parameters

Note: config is in JSON format (https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Objects/JSON),
which is basically a hell of a lot easier to read than XML.

For newbies, you may want to familiarize yourself with the following:
[] means array
{} means object
"" means you are putting text in there
true/false for boolean
numbers are just numbers

Otherwise, here is the API for the config file:

players: an array of COM ports for players 1, 2, 3, 4, etc.
deviceType: "com" (or delete this line completely) for com communication. "web" is an option but probably only for hardcore devs, and not for gun games.
delay: number : if your TV is a bit delayed, you can enter a number here (milliseconds) to delay outputs
rumbleOnHook: true/false, will rumble the guns for 200ms when an app is loaded and the gun gets hooked
preconnect: will attach NGO to your COM ports immediately when NGO is run. may be needed for time crisis 5 when using with TP if you use COM1 for your gun port.
quitAfterUnhook: will automatically close NGO after NGO detects that a targeted app has closed.

apps: an array (list) of targeted windows/exe files/etc that plugins who need to read memory use. you won't add to this list unless you write your own plugin for a game. You can have multiple entries
      for the same plugin since fullscreen vs windowed versions may have different titles, etc.
      anything under "apps" waits for the process info to be detected to hook (or unhook your guns on exit)

apps object:
    app: exe file to detect
    title: window title. If not specified, it won't care. If specified, it must be some text that appears in the window title. AHK Window Spy is your best friend.
    plugin: js file to use
    config: any additional config you want to specify, such as gameDelay -- similar to delay (above) but can be set for this game itself
    key: a unique piece of text that identifies the game itself -- it can be used by you when adding overrides to the overrides folder (on launch, on exit, etc.)

hooks: an array (list) of MAMEHOOKER OR MAMEHOOKER-COMPATIBLE OUTPUTS (output blaster, for example) to listen for. You can probably add a ton of games to this list by using the included generic plugins.
      anything under "hooks" waits for the "rom" to be launched as notified by your output software

hooks object:
    rom: name of mamehooker output
    plugin: js file to use
    config: any additioanl config you want to specify - some plugins support players: [] which allows you to override player order (maybe you want to do p3, p1, p2, p4 for 4p games?)
            - the demulshooter generic plugins also support changing your default autofireHold and autofirePause timings
    key: a unique piece of text that identifies the game itself -- it can be used by you when adding overrides to the overrides folder (on launch, on exit, etc.)